# Introduction

This repository takes a LaTeX .tex file `\documentclass{exam}` and finally returns a `.tex` file with `n` number of randomysed questions and choices. The goal is to have MCQ question sheets where each question will have unique order of both questions and choices. 

# Scripts

There are two main python scripts:
* `tex_to_JsonQuestions-TEXtemplate.py` - This script will take the first .tex file as input. The tex file has to be of `\documentclass{exam}` (with MCQ questions only). The script will ask for the .tex file with single question set. You are free to add formating and other options beyond the `\begin{questions} ...\end{questions}`. Within the `\begin{questions} ...\end{questions}`, please use `\begin{oneparchoices}` to specify choices. Other MCQ options are not implemented yet. The scipt will return two files:
  - a `.json` file that has all the questions and corresponding choices (parsed from the `.tex` file).
  - A template `.tex` file - generated from the provided `.tex` file. This template file will be used to insered randomized sets using the jinja2 templating engine.
* `randomize_mcq_tex.py` - This file will take files generated by the previous sciript (`.json` file and `.tex` template file) and the number of randomized set as argparse arguments. Will return a `randomized_mcq_set.tex` file that can be used to generate a formatted PDF file. 

# Examples

For example, if you have `single_question_set.tex` (pdf equivalent: `single_question_set.pdf`) as your single set, then you can follow previously described steps to get *n* randomized set as shown in `randomized_mcq_set.pdf`.